# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
"""
Created on Wed Feb 17 16:45:47 2021

@author: Carrie
"""

Function to check if the database has updated: I should be able to check if 
the number of search results has changed. 

Download the csv file of targets associated with female infertility. 
Need a threshold association score. For each target above the threshold, 
check it against the protein atlas entry for expression in the ovary. 

To check against the protein atlas entry, need:
    -To be able to find the target in the protein atlas, Ensembl identifier
    should be able to help with this
    -Download or otherwise access the XML file for the target
    -Parse the XML file to find the information on expression in the ovary
        -RNA expression: need a threshold NX for when there's no protein data
        -Protein expression: ideally, follicles. Need to figure out if 
        "not detected" means they looked and didn't find it, or just that
        they didn't look. How is "not dectected" different from no information
        for that tissue type?
    -Store the expression values associated with the target
    -Use the information on expression in the ovary and the decided thresholds
    to determine if this target meets our criteria
    
After checking against the protein atlas, we need to save that info somehow,
then delete the XML file if we downloaded it, because that's going to be 
too much info (I think I can do this without downloading the XML, but unsure).
How much info to save? Probably ovary RNA and protein levels for each target,
in addition to how much we like it. 

Should end up with a list of targets that meet our criteria. Additionally, a 
table/csv/spreadsheet of some sort with the protein and its levels. 

---
Need to figure out:

Does the protein atlas update? 

How to handle missing data - script needs to be able to deal with no data
for a particular target.

For checking whether the database has updated, how to handle storage of past
info/results? Like to check if the number of search results has changed,
will need to know what the number was the last time we checked. So do we 
save that number? Or just count from the CSV we downloaded last time? Do we 
keep that CSV around? What do we do if its the first time we run the check?  


